How to make private and public pages (#888)
usdoj-crt/crt-portal: README.md

As a logged-in local Postgres user, you can run queries directly against the database, for example: `select * from cts_forms_report;` to see report data in your local database.

### Public and private webpages

> New endpoints are behind authentication by default. In [settings.py](https://github.com/usdoj-crt/crt-portal/blob/develop/crt_portal/crt_portal/settings.py), you will want to add any public endpoints to `LOGIN_EXEMPT_URLS`.

Reviewer: One suggestion to clarify that this is applicable on production where we're using SSO.

```suggestion
In production, we use [django-auth-adfs](https://django-auth-adfs.readthedocs.io/) and new endpoints are behind authentication by default. To create a public page, you must update `LOGIN_EXEMPT_URLS` In [settings.py](https://github.com/usdoj-crt/crt-portal/blob/develop/crt_portal/crt_portal/settings.py) to include the endpoint(s) which are to be available without requiring authentication.
```
